hey guys welcome to my new video in this
video I will show how to make W cycle
animation with using duck angel in After
Effects let's get
started so guys welcome back and first
want select these foot layers select is
foot one two and three this is left
foots and let's go to solo press T open
opacity and change opacity like this
let's change 50
and let's zoom in here right now let's
click this M for unselect and go to pen
tool and let's make lines for bones
let's make like this this is first bone
and this is next bone and this is last
bone okay so don't click section two go
to window and open do
Angela okay so select this D and let's
put
here
and let's click these bones and go to
humanite and select these
ledge okay select is bone this is bone
one let's change name one and this two
and this three and right now select is
foot one let's link to Bone one select
is foot two link to Bone two and select
is foot three link to Bone 3 so right
now select is bone one 2 3 and this B
and go to Du Angel again click Auto
[Music]
R okay so select is controller let's see
okay so for fix this problem let's go to
site
and change minus
100% and let's select this controller
again okay that's
good so let's select this controller go
to Icon and move to right this
controller or move to
left okay that's
good so select is foot one 2 3 change
opacity 100% and let's UNS solo and this
bones also UNS
solo okay let's see
again okay very nice so let's make some
ways for other food let's close this
opacity and select this again foot one 2
three and go to
solo and let's press T change opacy
50 and let's click this second can for C
background
and go to pen to let's make again bones
like
this okay don't click s tool go to
humanite again
ledge and change names this is one 2 and
three so right now let's select this
foot
one link to Bone one
select foot two link to Bone two and
foot three link
to Bone
three and right now select is all
bones and go to click Auto
[Music]
R okay so let's
see okay so let's again change S minus
100% nice and go to Icon and move to
left and select these foot layers change
opacity 100% and close settings and UNS
solo and this UNS
solo so right now I will keep only
controllers and let's click toggle
switch mode and we can see here this
icon right now we can click here Hide
for all layers nice and select these
bones also click this icon for height
bones
and also this
this let's see this is let's change name
putot left and this
controller foot right and select this
other bones click this second for height
and this click for height also select
this bones height so right now we have
two control layers only foot layers okay
so in this time select this body
down and go to solo go to pen behind
move the point down little bit cation
tool and on solo select is body go to
solo and go to P beh again move tker
Point down cation tool un solo and say
body link to body down and select body
down Press air let's see nice and select
is hand left hand right link to body
layer so body down Press air let's say
again okay very nice and select is ice
link to Heat select heat link to body
[Music]
and let's say again select is bite it
down Press air chain
rotation okay we're nice okay so in this
time let's select these icon for show
hidden layers and select these
bones bone one and this bone one let's
link to bite it
down again click this second for height
and select is bite it down let's see
nice very
good so right now we can make walk cycle
animation so first we want select is
bite it down press P make new passing
key frame and go to six key frames let's
click time duration right here plus six
click
okay and let's move to down little
bit let's
see okay go to again six Q frames for go
to frame by frame frame use page down in
keyboard let's go to six sh frames 1 2 3
4 5 6 and set this first sh frame copy
pass sayg frames make
EAS and for Loop animation hold alt
click time icon go to play button
property and lo duration for Don
expression click this in area let's
see
okay so in this time let's select the is
foot layers and press P make new passing
Q frame and select this foot left let's
move to left like this and foot right
move to right and let's go to 10 Q
frames for shotgun you can use hold
shift press page down and make new Q
frames and again go to 10 Q
frames so first Q frames copy
past okay so right now let's go to
middle and select this controller and I
want to use value let's go to first
second select this right foot and I will
copy this let's contrl C and go to here
select this controller and let's click
here contrl V click enter
nice and go for a second let's copy this
crl C and select this controller go
to middle and select Q frame edit here
contrl V for
pass let's
see
okay and right now select is foot left
and go to middle and move to up for step
animation let's
see nice and go to here select this
middle and move to up again G for step
animation and let's press in for select
work area let's a full
animation okay nice and s q frames make
EAS or click
[Music]
F9 okay not bad and right now go to here
and let's hold Shi Press air open
Rotation and go to
here make new rotation key
frame go to Middle key frame let's zoom
in here and change rotation like
this and here change again rotation zero
say ke frames make
EAS let's
see nice and we can select this middle
key frame move
up
nice and let's change
rotation okay not
bad so right now go to here select this
and hold Shi Press air open Rotation
make rotation Q frame and go to Middle
change
rotation and go to here change Zero make
your frames EAS
and go to Middle qy frame and move to up
[Music]
more okay not
bad so right now select these Q frames
let's copy go to here contrl V and here
contrl V for Loop
animation and right now let's select
work card let's press
n okay and right Mouse select here and
select two frames for left foot copy and
go to next sh frame contrl V for
[Music]
paste let's
see nice very
good so in this time let's make an made
other elements select this hand left
layer and go to pen behind move Anor
point up clation tool and hand right
also go to
solo and move Anor point up here clation
tool and UNS solo select hand
left and Press air open Rotation and
hand right Press air open
Rotation make first Q
frames and select hand left chain
rotation like
this
and hand right change to
back and select this hand right let's
move to behind foot
layers okay and go to T Q frames change
rotation like
this and hand left move the back go to
again T frame select first two frames
copy
p and press n let's animation
okay select two frames make
eases not bad and let's use
expression hold alt click this hand left
time
mcon and go to play button property Lo
out
ra nice and let's close settings and
let's make some way for this hand right
hold alt click time icon play button
properity and loop
[Music]
alteration okay nice and select is hit
let's go to
solo and go to pen behind move Anor
Point
down and let's un solo let's move to
here clation tool and Press air open
Rotation make rotation Q frame and go to
here let's chain rotation like this go
to some qy frames chain rotation let's s
first qy frame copy
P and S Q frames make eases Also let's
use expression hold alt click time icon
play button prar to anop
alteration
nice and select These Eyes press s click
this icon and make SKU frames and here
make new SK CH frame go to three CH
frames for go to frame by frame CH
frames you can press page down
inboard 1 2 3 chain scale 5% got three Q
frames 1 2 3 change
100% let's
see nice frames make eases and let's
copy CH frames and go to here control V
for random I blink
animation let's see
nice so guys finally let's select this
body
layer and let's Press air open Rotation
make rotation Q frame chain rotation two
and go to 10 Q
frames and change minus two again go to
T Q frames s first Q frame copy pass and
make Q frames
EAS and let's hold alt go to time icon
go to play button prepar to and lo
alteration
so let's
see okay this more
realistic also we can select these two
frames hold alt move to left for random
Dynamic animation let's
see nice very
good so guys thank you for watching my
video and don't forget to subscribe
Channel like video and please follow me
on Instagram good
[Music]
luck